[Basic Auth]

✅ When logging in with an existing email
address and password, I want to receive a
200 response with the user data and a token.

✅ When logging in with an invalid email address
and/or password, I want to receive a 422
response with error messages.

✅ When logging in with a non-existent email
address, I want to receive a 404 response.

✅ When signing up with a valid email address
and password, I want to receive a 200
response with the user data and a token.

✅ When signing up with an invalid email address
and password, I want to receive a 422
response with error messages.

✅ When logged in, I should be able to log out
and receive a 204 response.

[Users should be able to manage Tasks]

[Guest User]
✅ When creating a task, I want to receive a 401
response.

✅ When updating a task, I want to receive a 401
response.

✅ When viewing a task, I want to receive a 401
response.

✅ When deleting a task, I want to receive a 401
response.

[Authenticated User Creating Task]
✅ When creating a task with a valid title,
description, due date, and priority, I want to
receive a 200 response with the task data.

✅ When creating a task with an invalid title
and/or description, I want to receive a 422
response with error messages.

[Authenticated User Viewing Task]
✅ When viewing a single task, I want to receive
a 200 response with the task data.

✅ When viewing a non-existent task, I want to
receive a 404 response.

✅ When viewing all tasks, I want to receive a
200 response with an array of my tasks or an
empty array if there are no tasks yet.
■ Task list must be paginated.

✅ When viewing a task I did not create, I want to
receive a 401 response.

[Authenticated User Updating Task]
✅ When editing a task with valid inputs, I want to
receive a 200 response with the updated task
data.

✅ When editing a task with invalid inputs, I want
to receive a 422 response with error
messages.

✅ When editing a non-existent task, I want to
receive a 404 response.

✅ When editing a task I do not own, I want to
receive a 401 response.

[Authenticated User Deleting Task]
✅ When removing a task, I want to receive a 204
response.
✅ When removing a non-existent task, I want to
receive a 404 response.
✅ When removing a task I do not own, I want to
receive a 401 response.
